
TODO:
  horus, shed, sgeea, cure-all, etc.  not sure what things need to be done, exactly....  but we need to avoid unnecessary use of cure-alls.
  Decision to do nuns might not be quite right.  I count a difference of about
25 turns on the battlefield.  Of course, an inhaler only lasts for 10, so some
actual calculations are needed to do it right.
  disable auto-recovery?  (uh, it already does that, i think.  In ed_ccAdv)
  don't bother with buying bandages until we might encounter The Horror or Zerg Rush.
  handle opening of Hidden City, if we get Such Great Heights unexpectedly when looking for a semi-rare.  (should we still get the semi-rare, in order to have stone wool to finish the quest?  I think so.  It's easy enough to do, anyway.)
  don't try to open Hidden City if it is already open
  support clover use for levelling?
  odd aborts at You the Adventurer
  aborts from deaths at wisniewski
  spent a Ka at You the Adventurer
  spent a Ka at Hidden Apartment Building
  beaten up by a Zerg Rush  (uh, yeah, that happens.  just make sure the
script buys some linen bandages, and doesn't abort.)
  automate screwdriver quest for mys/mus signs
  (any other needed support for non-muscle signs)
  use renenutet (and/or cat) in Harem?  (check other uses of lash, too.  probably anywhere we use lash is a good candidate for a renenutet as well)
  use cat at f'c'le.  oh?  maybe we need Ka, though.  Well, still, I think cat
would be better.
  after starting battle with You, aborted with "We can't find the jerk
adventurer" upon first death.  dunno what was up with that.
  got "Hit Ed defeat threshold" on second death @ Hippy Camp.
  double-check that we still work okay with astral mask
  avoid getting Winklered if we aren't doing nuns.
  use friar buff @ goatlet
  avoid extending the Prayer of Seshat +ml buff, when it's time to fight
ninja.  Let it run out.
  avoid adventuring twice for a semi-rare, if the first attempt didn't
auto-stop.  (this can happen if the user manually encounters the warning
before running the script, or has the bad luck to interrupt the script just
after it hits the warning.)
  Are we currently buying Renenutets when budget easily allows it?  Some
additional tweaks might be nice.
  fix attempts to equip the same item in all three accessory slots.
  "Invalid setting 5 for choiceAdventure670"
  "That area is not available" while trying to get to The mist-shrouded peak!
(fixed already?)
  more priority to Even More Elemental Wards. don't buy Armor Plating before
it.  Fixed, I think.
  "You are currently in a choice" from pre-adventure for The Horror
  "You are currently in a fight" at spooky forest.
  Don't use cat for filthworms, if we have Lash
  why the 10-turn limit at the hidden park?

